README.md, before:

# KNOW YOUR CODE - QUIZ GAME
KNOW YOUR CODE - prividing you an interesting code quiz game for beginners and professionals. In this game have to answer 10 interesting questions and at finish game you will get your score. This game is very informative for nay coders, it will revise your code knowledge. Hope you will enjoy this QUIZ GAME.

Know Your Code is not only an entertaining game but also a valuable educational tool. It teach you some basic rules of coding in a fun, interesting way. Whether you're a beginner or professional this game will educate and revise your coding. It's also help you to improve your memory skills. We keep here very simple feature and layout so that anyone can easily access/ play this quiz.


![Site view across device](/assets/images-readme/devices-layout.png)

FOR LIVE PROJECT [CLICK HERE..](https://kamal-kohli.github.io/PP2-Quiz_Game/)

## USER EXPERIENCE - UX
+ [For Users](#for-users "For Users")
+ [Design](#design "Design")
+ [FUTURE FEATURES](#future-features "FUTURE FEATURES")
+ [Testing](#testing "Testing")
+ [TECHNOLOGIES USED](#technologies-used "TECHNOLOGIES USED")
+ [DEPLOYMENT](#deployment "DEPLOYMENT")
+ [CREDITS](#credits "CREDITS")

## For Users
- This QUIZ is for everyone interested in coding.
- If you wanna play this quiz you must have basic knowledge of coding.
- Even if you don't have so you can play as fun, anyhow you will something from here.
- As a User, you can play this game any your free time anywhere anytime to gain some code information.
- Quiz is compatible with all kinds of devices.
- Result will show you your performance score.
- It is kind of an interesting quiz game, so you can replay again end of the quiz.

## Design

The user experience design for the KNOW YOUR CODE QUIZ GAME is optimized for people who are interested in programming or who want it became, with a focus on ease of use and visual appeal. The design features a clean and intuitive layout, with a few contrasting colors that draw the user's attention to important elements. To further enhance the playful experience, a simple font has been chosen to be readable easily.

We choose night mode color scheme, so user can play quiz smoothly without any eye strain. Simple and easy accessable interference of the quiz so user can access easily. 

## Wireframes

### Home Page - Title and Quiz Rules:
![Home Page](/assets/images-readme/wfrule.png)

### Quiz Box:
![Quiz Page](/assets/images-readme/wfquizbox.png)

### User Result or Score:
![Result](/assets/images-readme/wfresult.png)

## Features
### Existing Features



# TECHNOLOGIES USED
## Programme
### 1. HTML
HTML Validator Testing:
![Home Page](/assets/images-readme/html.png)
- The official [W3C](https://validator.w3.org/) validator was used to test the HTML, and no errors or warnings were returned.

### 2. CSS
CSS Validator Testing:
![Home Page](/assets/images-readme/css.png)
- The official [Jigsaw](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/) validator was used to test the CSS, and no errors were found.

### 3. JavaScript
- The code was passed through [JSHint](https://jshint.com/) for testing, and no errors were found. Additionally, various metrics were returned, including the number of functions, the size of the largest function, and the complexity of the most complex function.

### 3. LightHouse Analize
See result in below image
![Home Page](/assets/images-readme/lighthouse.png)
- In addition to these validation tests, the game was also extensively tested by a diverse group of individuals ranging from 4 to 65 years old. All characters were tested, and the name validation function was thoroughly evaluated. Despite the comprehensive testing, no errors or issues were found, leading us to believe that the Tic Tac Toe game for kids is a reliable and functional product.

## Editor
 - ### Gitpod: A cloud-based integrated development environment (IDE) that was used for version control and writing code. The Gitpod terminal was utilized to commit changes to Git and push them to GitHub.

 - ### GitHub: A web-based hosting service used for version control and storing the project's code after being pushed from Gitpod.

### Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used
- Google Fonts - for the font families: Righteous & Raleway. San-serif was used as a default font.
- Font Awesome - to add icons to the social links in the footer element.
- GitPod - to creat my html files & styling sheet before pushing the project to Github.
- GitHub - to store my repository for submission.
- Am I Responsive? - to ensure the project looked good across all devices.
- Favicon - to provide the code & image for the icon in the tab bar.

## DEPLOYMENT
The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows:
- In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab
- From the source section drop-down menu, select the Master Branch
- Once the master branch has been selected, the page will be automatically refreshed with a detailed ribbon display to indicate the successful deployment.
- The live link can be found [HERE...](https://kamal-kohli.github.io/Project-1-Satvik-/)

## CREDITS

### Content
As my knowledge of implementation is limited at this point in my learning, the initial set up & style was set loosely on the 'Love Running' & 'Coffee Shop' walk-through project. From there, I took inspiration for the design of the navigation bar, along with the display of the social links in the footer element.

The styling of the form element in 'Love Running' & 'Coffee Shop' was used as a starting point for my form to help remember all categories that needed to be addressed.

-I took some style referance from 'w3schools' online free source for Navigation bar and footer backgroung color.
[Referance](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_topnav_responsive.asp)

-For [Image side by side](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_topnav_responsive.asp) also referance taken from 'w3schools' for the landing page 

Some support was provided by my fellow student through our 'SLACK community'. They were also immeasurably helpful in explaining positioning containers in a way that I was able to grasp. I also got suggestion for device layout & how to write me readme file in Gitpod

### Media
- Hero image is called ["Wommen perfoming Yoga"](https://www.pexels.com/photo/2-women-sitting-on-galaxy-design-yoga-mat-3822226/) by Elina Fairytale

The following images and there links for HOME PAGE:
- [woman performing yoga](https://www.pexels.com/photo/woman-in-scorpion-pose-3822142/)
- [man doing meditation](https://www.pexels.com/photo/a-man-in-white-thobe-meditating-on-the-mountain-top-4340795/)
- [Healthy food](https://www.pexels.com/photo/flat-lay-photography-of-vegetable-salad-on-plate-1640777/)

The following images and there links for ABOUT US PAGE:
- [Upside down yoga class](https://www.pexels.com/photo/woman-in-scorpion-pose-3822142/)
- [Straching with autism girl](https://www.pexels.com/photo/photo-of-women-stretching-together-4056726/)
- [Thee female students and yoga instructor](https://www.pexels.com/photo/women-doing-yoga-3822668/)
- [Woman doing mediation on the mountain](https://www.pexels.com/photo/woman-in-black-sports-bra-and-black-pants-sitting-on-rock-5184327/)
- [A group performing rope yoga](https://www.pexels.com/photo/group-of-women-doing-yoga-swing-6582869/)
- [Woman doing peacock pose in yoga](https://www.pexels.com/photo/a-woman-in-brown-leggings-balancing-her-body-on-a-yoga-mat-4534867/)
- [A group yoga practice](https://www.pexels.com/photo/people-doing-yoga-in-the-studio-8436589/)
- [A group meditation](https://www.pexels.com/photo/group-of-women-doing-yoga-exercise-8436719/)

Fevicon:
- [Yoga icon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/yoga-posture_55316)

Commit message:

Add features of the quiz with images sample in readme

README.md, after:

# KNOW YOUR CODE - QUIZ GAME
KNOW YOUR CODE - prividing you an interesting code quiz game for beginners and professionals. In this game have to answer 10 interesting questions and at finish game you will get your score. This game is very informative for nay coders, it will revise your code knowledge. Hope you will enjoy this QUIZ GAME.

Know Your Code is not only an entertaining game but also a valuable educational tool. It teach you some basic rules of coding in a fun, interesting way. Whether you're a beginner or professional this game will educate and revise your coding. It's also help you to improve your memory skills. We keep here very simple feature and layout so that anyone can easily access/ play this quiz.


![Site view across device](/assets/images-readme/devices-layout.png)

FOR LIVE PROJECT [CLICK HERE..](https://kamal-kohli.github.io/PP2-Quiz_Game/)

## USER EXPERIENCE - UX
+ [For Users](#for-users "For Users")
+ [Design](#design "Design")
+ [FUTURE FEATURES](#future-features "FUTURE FEATURES")
+ [Testing](#testing "Testing")
+ [TECHNOLOGIES USED](#technologies-used "TECHNOLOGIES USED")
+ [DEPLOYMENT](#deployment "DEPLOYMENT")
+ [CREDITS](#credits "CREDITS")

## For Users
- This QUIZ is for everyone interested in coding.
- If you wanna play this quiz you must have basic knowledge of coding.
- Even if you don't have so you can play as fun, anyhow you will something from here.
- As a User, you can play this game any your free time anywhere anytime to gain some code information.
- Quiz is compatible with all kinds of devices.
- Result will show you your performance score.
- It is kind of an interesting quiz game, so you can replay again end of the quiz.

## Design

The user experience design for the KNOW YOUR CODE QUIZ GAME is optimized for people who are interested in programming or who want it became, with a focus on ease of use and visual appeal. The design features a clean and intuitive layout, with a few contrasting colors that draw the user's attention to important elements. To further enhance the playful experience, a simple font has been chosen to be readable easily.

We choose night mode color scheme, so user can play quiz smoothly without any eye strain. Simple and easy accessable interference of the quiz so user can access easily. 

## Wireframes

### Home Page - Title and Quiz Rules:
![Home Page](/assets/images-readme/wfrule.png)

### Quiz Box:
![Quiz Page](/assets/images-readme/wfquizbox.png)

### User Result or Score:
![Result](/assets/images-readme/wfresult.png)

## Features
### Existing Features

### Logo:
The Quiz page features a clean logo prominently displaying the name "🅺🅽🅾🆆 🆈🅾🆄🆁 🅲🅾🅳🅴" with the fancy font at the top. The logo design is visually appealing and provides an appropriate introduction to the Quiz. A sample image of the logo is shown below:
![Result](/assets/images-readme/KYC.png)

### Home Page/Quiz Rules:
Know Your Code welcomes the user with Quiz rules, where any user to acknowledge how to play this quiz. After the reading all rules user can start quiz with start button at the below.
![Result](/assets/images-readme/rules.jpeg)

### Quiz Area:
In the quiz area, the user will get a question with 4 options. below options, we mention a next button, so that after choosing an option user can click on the button and move to the next question of the quiz game.
![Result](/assets/images-readme/quiz.jpeg)

### Correct Answer:
As we mention in the picture below, when the user attempt a correct answer to the question, automatic option background will turn green as well as a tick signal will be displayed at the bottom of the next button.
![Result](/assets/images-readme/c-a.jpeg)

### Wrong Answer:
As you see when the user will attempt a wrong question, the option background will turn red, and as well as the correct answer will display t the user. But the user will not get any number so at the bottom of the next button, a cross will display.
![Result](/assets/images-readme/w-a.jpeg)

### Result:
After completion of the quiz, the user will get his score. How many questions user attempt, correct answer, wrong answer, and total score?
After the user will have a choice to play again or exit the quiz.
![Result](/assets/images-readme/score.jpeg)


# TECHNOLOGIES USED
## Programme
### 1. HTML
HTML Validator Testing:
![Home Page](/assets/images-readme/html.png)
- The official [W3C](https://validator.w3.org/) validator was used to test the HTML, and no errors or warnings were returned.

### 2. CSS
CSS Validator Testing:
![Home Page](/assets/images-readme/css.png)
- The official [Jigsaw](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/) validator was used to test the CSS, and no errors were found.

### 3. JavaScript
- The code was passed through [JSHint](https://jshint.com/) for testing, and no errors were found. Additionally, various metrics were returned, including the number of functions, the size of the largest function, and the complexity of the most complex function.

### 3. LightHouse Analize
See result in below image
![Home Page](/assets/images-readme/lighthouse.png)
- In addition to these validation tests, the game was also extensively tested by a diverse group of individuals ranging from 4 to 65 years old. All characters were tested, and the name validation function was thoroughly evaluated. Despite the comprehensive testing, no errors or issues were found, leading us to believe that the Tic Tac Toe game for kids is a reliable and functional product.

## Editor
 - ### Gitpod: A cloud-based integrated development environment (IDE) that was used for version control and writing code. The Gitpod terminal was utilized to commit changes to Git and push them to GitHub.

 - ### GitHub: A web-based hosting service used for version control and storing the project's code after being pushed from Gitpod.

## Bugs
No know bugs.

## DEPLOYMENT
To deploy the site on Github Pages, the following steps were taken:
- In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab
- From the source section drop-down menu, select the Master Branch
- Once the master branch has been selected, the page will be automatically refreshed with a detailed ribbon display to indicate the successful deployment.
- The live link can be found [HERE...](https://kamal-kohli.github.io/Project-1-Satvik-/)

## CREDITS

### Content
As my knowledge of implementation is limited at this point in my learning, the initial set up & style was set loosely on the 'Love Running' & 'Coffee Shop' walk-through project. From there, I took inspiration for the design of the navigation bar, along with the display of the social links in the footer element.

The styling of the form element in 'Love Running' & 'Coffee Shop' was used as a starting point for my form to help remember all categories that needed to be addressed.

-I took some style referance from 'w3schools' online free source for Navigation bar and footer backgroung color.
[Referance](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_topnav_responsive.asp)

-For [Image side by side](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_topnav_responsive.asp) also referance taken from 'w3schools' for the landing page 

Some support was provided by my fellow student through our 'SLACK community'. They were also immeasurably helpful in explaining positioning containers in a way that I was able to grasp. I also got suggestion for device layout & how to write me readme file in Gitpod

### Media
